Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.#-Loretta Young  
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.#-Mother Teresa  
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.#-Francois de La Rochefoucauld  
Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says 'I need you because I love you.'#-Erich Fromm  
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.#-H. Jackson Brown, Jr.  
A flower cannot blossom without sunshine, and man cannot live without love.#-Max Muller  
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.#-Audrey Hepburn  
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.#-Oscar Wilde  
The sweetest of all sounds is that of the voice of the woman we love.#-Jean de la Bruyere  
I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.#-Mother Teresa  
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.#-Mother Teresa  
Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.#-Leo Buscaglia  
Love doesn't make the world go around. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.#-Franklin P. Jones  
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.#-Lao Tzu  
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.#-H. Jackson Brown, Jr.  
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.#-Ingrid Bergman  
We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving.#-Friedrich Nietzsche  
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.#-Orson Welles  
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.#-Aristotle  
You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere. You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection.#-Buddha  
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.#-Bruce Lee  
We loved with a love that was more than love.#-Edgar Allan Poe  
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.#-Tom Robbins  