Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. -Og Mandino
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. -Ralph Marston
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can. -Nikos Kazantzakis
Aim for the moon. Even if you miss, you will land among the stars. -W.Clement Stone
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. -Ayn Rand
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. -Og Mandino
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. -Sam Levenson
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential; these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence. -Confucius
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. -Confucius
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C. S. Lewis
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. -Eleanor Roosevelt
If you can dream it, you can do it. -Walt Disney
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -Mark Twain
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -Thomas A. Edison
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth. -Bradley Whitford
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast. -Alfred A. Montapert
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. -Leo Buscaglia
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground. -Theodore Roosevelt
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. -Norman Vincent Peale
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -Albert Einstein - -We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. -Maya Angelou
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. -Robert H. Schuller
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. -Arthur Ashe
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. -Aldous Huxley
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. -Helen Keller